Tech Task: Update readme with standard deploy process (#2543)
tablexi/nucore-open: doc/HOWTO_forks.md

git merge upstream/master
```

Run `bin/merge_describer` which generates a helpful description you can copy/paste into your PR; it contains the commit messages and links to the merged branches since the last merge from open.

Push up your new branch, and paste the output from `bin/merge_describer` into the PR description.  For clarity it's best to sort commits into 3 groups: features, fixes, and tech tasks.

> After adding the `upstream` remote, you can use the `bin/latest_from_open` script to create a new `latest_from_open_YYYYMMDD` branch.

Author: ```suggestion
After adding the `upstream` remote, you can use the `bin/latest_from_open` script to create a new `latest_from_open_MMDDYYYY` branch.
```

> After adding the `upstream` remote, you can use the `bin/latest_from_open` script to automate creating a new `latest_from_open_YYYYMMDD` branch.

Author: ```suggestion
After adding the `upstream` remote, you can use the `bin/latest_from_open` script to create a new `latest_from_open_YYYYMMDD` branch.
```

```

# Deploy

General process:
1. Open a `latest_from_open_MMDDYYYY` branch
1. Merge the PR (not squash) once it has been approved and CI is green
1. For a production release, create a Github release:
  - Check out the commit you want to release and tag it: `git tag v2021-02-18`
  - Use `bin/merge_describer v2021-01-28` to list all commits since the previous release tag
  - Organize the output into features, fixes and tech tasks
  - Create a new release in Github using this list of commits for the description
  - Specify the new tag (`v2021-02-18`) for the release tag version, target, and release title

> 1. Deploy the new code using capistrano or helm/CircelCI (see below)

Reviewer: typo CircleCI
